README.md, before:

# Voice Ship Control Mod for Lethal Company Game

Welcome to the Voice Ship Control mod for Lethal Company! This mod allows users to control various ship actions using voice commands, enhancing the gaming experience. Below, you'll find information on how to use and configure the mod.

## Features

### 1. Voice Commands

Users can perform the following actions using voice commands:

- Open/close ship doors
- Switch on/off ship lights
- Use the ship terminal
- Buy a specified number of items without using the terminal
- Disable turrets without using the terminal
- Disable mines without using the terminal
- Open/close doors on the location without using the terminal
- Redirect to other moons
- Transmit messages

### 2. Configuration

#### LethalConfig Menu

- Users can configure each phrase through the LethalConfig menu.
- Multiple phrases can be associated with a single command you need just split them with '|' this strange symbol.
- Custom key phrases can be created, and audio assets can be bound to these phrases they also can be separated with '|'.
  
![Show image](https://i.ibb.co/xgcp9SV/Lethal-Config-Menu.png)

#### LethalSetting

- New phrases can be added and configured using LethalSetting.
  
![Show image](https://i.ibb.co/3z3XkV1/Lethal-Settings-Menu.png)

### 3. Language Configuration

- Users have the ability to change the language of the voice recognizer.
- Note: Changing the language requires a reconnection.

### 4. Input Binding

- Recognizer can be bound to keyboard or mouse buttons for convenience.

## Planned Future Features

In future updates, we plan to introduce additional voice commands, including:

- Teleportation
- Inverse teleportation
- Televisor control
- Switching views on the monitor
- And others... You can send me ideas to my [discord account](https://discordapp.com/users/_judik_)

We are also considering integrating ChatGPT to enhance the voice ship assistant, allowing users to engage in conversations with in-game NPCs.

## Usage

1. **Voice Commands:**
   - Simply speak the designated key phrases to execute actions.
   - Example: Saying "Open doors" will open the ship doors.

2. **Configuration:**
   - Navigate to the LethalConfig menu to configure each voice command.
   - Use LethalSetting to add new phrases and voice assets for them.

3. **Language Configuration:**
   - Change the language of the recognizer through settings.
   - Reconnect for the changes to take effect.

4. **Input Binding:**
   - Bind the recognizer to a keyboard or mouse button for quick access.

## Little video about mod

Yeah i know how bad is this video but at least something. Watch on 1.5 speed. Will make new one later

[![Watch the video](https://i.ibb.co/Vxzh0BZ/image.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqmwDZ3J-TI&ab_channel=Judik)

## Installation

1. Download the Voice Ship Control mod from current web site or .
2. Place all files to single folder and call it VoiceShipControl.
3. Run game.
4. If LethalConfig not showing this mode in menu try to restart the game ^^

## Support and Feedback

For support or feedback contact us [via email](mailto:InkognitoZum@gmail.com) or write me in [discord](https://discordapp.com/users/_judik_).

I hope you enjoy the Voice Ship Control mod for Lethal Company! Happy gaming!

Commit message:

Add camare switch, toggle, end game. teleport. inverse teleport commands ♥

README.md, after:

# Voice Ship Control Mod for Lethal Company Game

Welcome to the Voice Ship Control mod for Lethal Company! This mod allows users to control various ship actions using voice commands, enhancing the gaming experience. Below, you'll find information on how to use and configure the mod.

## Features

### 1. Voice Commands

Users can perform the following actions using voice commands:

- Open/close ship doors
- Switch on/off ship lights
- Use the ship terminal
- Buy a specified number of items without using the terminal
- Disable turrets without using the terminal
- Disable mines without using the terminal
- Open/close doors on the location without using the terminal
- Redirect to other moons
- Transmit messages
- Teleportation
- Inverse teleportation
- Switching views on the monitor

### 2. Configuration

#### LethalConfig Menu

- Users can configure each phrase through the LethalConfig menu.
- Multiple phrases can be associated with a single command you need just split them with '|' this strange symbol.
- Custom key phrases can be created, and audio assets can be bound to these phrases they also can be separated with '|'.
  
![Show image](https://i.ibb.co/xgcp9SV/Lethal-Config-Menu.png)

#### LethalSetting

- New phrases can be added and configured using LethalSetting.
  
![Show image](https://i.ibb.co/3z3XkV1/Lethal-Settings-Menu.png)

### 3. Language Configuration

- Users have the ability to change the language of the voice recognizer.
- Note: Changing the language requires a reconnection.

### 4. Input Binding

- Recognizer can be bound to keyboard or mouse buttons for convenience. 

## Planned Future Features

In future updates, i plan to introduce additional voice commands, including:

- Televisor control
- Insta murder of a player if you can tell his nickname? xD
- Add an adequate selection of keys responsible for commands.
- And others... (IDK) You can send me ideas to my [discord account](https://discordapp.com/users/_judik_)

## Usage

1. **Voice Commands:**
   - Simply speak the designated key phrases to execute actions.
   - Example: Saying "Open doors" will open the ship doors.

2. **Configuration:**
   - Navigate to the LethalConfig menu to configure each voice command.
   - Use LethalSetting to add new phrases and voice assets for them.

3. **Language Configuration:**
   - Change the language of the recognizer through settings.
   - Reconnect for the changes to take effect.

4. **Input Binding:**
   - Bind the recognizer to a keyboard or mouse button for quick access.

## Little video about mod

Yeah i know how bad is this video but at least something. Watch on 1.5 speed. Will make new one later

[![Watch the video](https://i.ibb.co/Vxzh0BZ/image.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqmwDZ3J-TI&ab_channel=Judik)

## Installation

1. Download the Voice Ship Control mod from current web site or .
2. Place all files to single folder and call it VoiceShipControl.
3. Run game.
4. If LethalConfig not showing this mode in menu try to restart the game ^^

## Note

If you want make audio assets like in my app you can generate MP3 [here](https://www.101soundboards.com/boards/80040-jarvis-mcu-tts-computer-ai-voice#goog_rewarded) and compile it with unity to asset ♥

## Support and Feedback

For support or feedback contact us [via email](mailto:InkognitoZum@gmail.com) or write me in [discord](https://discordapp.com/users/_judik_).

I hope you enjoy the Voice Ship Control mod for Lethal Company! Happy gaming!
